Add link for creating manifests (#3010)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_managing-red-hat-subscriptions.adoc

All subscription information is available in your Red Hat Customer Portal account.

Before you can complete the tasks in this chapter, you must create a Red{nbsp}Hat subscription manifest in the Customer Portal.

> Manifests can only be created on the Customer Portal by {Project} users on a disconnected network.

Reviewer: I have one small suggestion. Rephrase to something like `Only users on a disconnected network can create manifests on the Customer Portal` to avoid passive voice.

> Manifests are created by {Project} users on a connected network using the {Team} Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't use `{Team}` because in upstream it creates `Foreman community Hybrid Cloud Console`.

> Manifests are created by {Project} users on a connected network using the Red{nbsp}Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer: Same here.

ifdef::satellite[]

> For more information on creating manifests on a connected network, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information on creating manifests on a connected network, see {RHDocsBaseURL}subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.
```
We have [attributes for RHDocs](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/b807532d484dc40f299866459a9825156adae280/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc#L24) now.

> Before you can complete the tasks in this chapter, you must create a Red{nbsp}Hat subscription manifest in the Customer Portal.
> Only {Project} users on a disconnected network can create manifests on the Customer Portal.
> Only {Project} users on a connected network can create manifests using the Red{nbsp}Hat Hybrid Cloud Console.
> ifdef::satellite[]
> For more information on creating manifests on a connected network, see {RHDocsBaseURL}subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.
> endif::[]
> 
> ifdef::satellite[]
> To create, manage, and export a Red{nbsp}Hat subscription manifest in the Customer Portal, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/subscription_central/2021/html/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.

Reviewer 3: Please consider moving it further below (before Additional resources?) or even a special module.

```suggestion
.Prerequisites
* Create a Red{nbsp}Hat subscription manifest.
** If your {Project} is connected, use the {RHCloud} to create the manifest.
ifdef::satellite[]
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.
endif::[]
** If your {Project} is disconnected, use the Red Hat Customer Portal to create the manifest.
ifdef::satellite[]
For more information, see {RHDocsBaseURL}subscription_central/1-latest/html/getting_started_with_rhel_system_registration/adv-reg-rhel-using-rhsm_#using_manifests_con[Creating a subscription allocation for a disconnected Satellite Server] in _Subscription Central_.
```
Don't forget the `endif` on the next line :)

All subscription information is available in your Red Hat Customer Portal account.

Before you can complete the tasks in this chapter, you must create a Red{nbsp}Hat subscription manifest in the Customer Portal.

> Manifests can only be created on the Customer Portal by {Project} users on a disconnected network. Manifests are created by {Project} users on a connected network using the {Team} Hybrid Cloud Console.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Manifests can only be created on the Customer Portal by {Project} users on a disconnected network.
Manifests are created by {Project} users on a connected network using the {Team} Hybrid Cloud Console.
```

> For more information on creating manifests on a connected network, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ifdef::satellite[]
For more information on creating manifests on a connected network, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/subscription_central/1-latest/html-single/creating_and_managing_manifests_for_a_connected_satellite_server/index[Creating and managing manifests for a connected {ProjectServer}] in _Subscription Central_.
endif::[]
```
